Smartphone-Performance-Test-Case-Guideline-Public Introduction
---


1.	TS.29 chapter 2 defined the test cases for smartphone browser performances. The “TS.29 chapter 2-Webpage browser performance testing(test case 2.1.4)” file contains five test webpages together with their associated files. Testers could use these webpages for repeatable testing. Before testing, download the files onto a local web server that is accessible to the terminal. It is recommended to place the files in five different folders of the server so the page and its contents are reloaded instead of taken from the cache of the mobile device during the test. For the detailed test cases, please find them in the GSMA official website.
2.	The GSMA TS.29 chapter 3 defined test cases for Smartphone system response performance test. The “TS.29 chapter 3-System response performance testing ( test case 3.1.1)” file contains the standard photos, videos and audio files. For the detailed test cases, please find them in TS.29 section 3.1.
3.	The GSMA TS.29 chapter 4 defined test cases for Smartphone system stablity performance test. The file “TS.29 chapter 4-System stability performance testing(test case 4.7 and Annex-B)” contains some automatic test scripts ,which help executing some test cases in the system stability testing and system response speed testing. For the detailed test cases, please find them in TS.29 section 4.7.
4.	The GSMA TS.29 chapter 5 defined test cases for Smartphone camera and image quality test. The file “TS.29 chapter 5-Camera image quality testing (test case 5.1.3)” contains the standard photo examples. For the detailed test cases, please find them in TS.29 chapter 5.
